The Pentagon is considering a Boeing proposal to supply Ukraine with cheap, small precision bombs fitted onto abundantly available rockets, allowing Kyiv to strike far behind Russian lines as the West struggles to meet demand for more arms. U.S. and allied military inventories are shrinking, and Ukraine faces an increasing need for more sophisticated weapons as the war drags on. Boeing's proposed system, dubbed Ground-Launched Small Diameter Bomb (GLSDB), is one of about a half-dozen plans for getting new munitions into production for Ukraine and America's Eastern European allies, industry sources said.Although the United States has rebuffed requests for the 185-mile (297km) range ATACMS missile, the GLSDB's 94-mile (150km) range would allow Ukraine to hit valuable military targets that have been out of reach and help it continue pressing its counterattacks by disrupting Russian rear areas. GLSDB could be delivered as early as spring 2023, according to a document reviewed by Reuters and three people familiar with the plan. It combines the GBU-39 Small Diameter Bomb (SDB) with the M26 rocket motor, both of which are common in U.S. inventories.




 U.S. President Donald Trump and Sen. JD Vance have been the subjects of numerous suspicious photographs during their 2024 presidential campaign. Snopes has fact-checked a range of them, including an image that was erroneously framed as evidence of Trump wearing a bandage on his ear months after it had healed from his assassination attempt, as well as a real photograph of Vance passed out on the floor during his college years.  One photograph was heavily edited to enlarge Trump's chin, while another was seemingly created with artificial intelligence software to show Trump serving in the military. Meanwhile, we found real photographs of Vance wearing a blond wig and a dress while attending Yale Law School.  Below is a collection of fact checks that contextualize, debunk or confirm images supposedly showing Trump or Vance. Be sure to keep an eye on this roundup — we will update it with new analyses and fact checks ahead of the election.